well howdy there Internet people its
bogey on so tonight we're gonna talk
about over there what's happening over
there here are the drums there's a lot
of questions about it and pundits are
trying to spin the event for political
gain there's no political gain to be had
in this it's an event there will be
consequences from it but there's no real
political capital in it for anybody on
any side those consequences or could be
pretty severe but the talking points
that are being used are pretty much
garbage so we're gonna talk our way
through them and see where it takes us
to start off I got to tell you one of
Murphy's laws once you have secured an
area don't forget to tell the opposition
if an area is secure it is only secure
until you stop securing it or become wax
it doesn't maintain a level of security
just because you give it a cute name
like green zone the green zone has been
a green zone in name only for a while
it's one of the questions that keeps
popping up how could this happen there
the Securities laughing's the next
obvious question is House trumpet ility
not bad not bad actually if this is one
of the first foreign policy that he has
you've seen from me I think that's the
first time I've ever said that so if
this was a tea normal president this
would be an average response most
foreign policy decisions from Trump are
utterly disastrous so when we get an
average response one that doesn't cause
a whole bunch of blowback
it goes in the win column for him the
bar has been lowered that much he's made
some minor mistakes but nothing
two big nothing that I think will really
cause issues in the future yet
we'll see how we'll see how the week
progresses is there Iranian influence I
believe there is I believe there is not
because the administration says so not
because the Talking Heads say so but
because I tried to call every expert on
Iran that I know all of their phones
went straight to voicemail
which means there somewhere they can't
have a phone what that tells me is that
the government at least they truly
believe Iran was involved it's not just
a narrative you don't bring in experts
if you're just pushing a narrative
because those experts are gonna poke
holes in your narrative and you don't
want that Iran has a whole bunch of
influence in Iraq anyway so this is very
likely that they they push some
influence into it so what happened what
was the chain of events the u.s.
conducted some strikes there was a
protest in response the protest got
pretty wild that's what happened that's
what went down questions about that
were the strikes legitimate that's a
tough one under the strategy we are
currently using yeah yeah they were
legitimate targets they were justified
all of that under the current strategy
the problem is most counterterrorism
experts will tell you our current
strategy is wrong so you can take that
and however you want yeah by current
doctrine they were legit but the dr.
Challa so I mean we can't really expect
Trump who can't handle normally can't
handle basic foreign policy incidents to
completely revamp a strategy I think
that's expecting too much of it
is this Trump's Benghazi now no the the
the two things are not even remotely
comparable other than involving State
Department employees they're nothing
alike
Trump's Benghazi was the Tongo Tongo
ambush and nobody cared the the other
thing we have to keep in mind is that if
we are operating under the assumption
that this was orchestrated by wrong the
embassy didn't fall because Iran didn't
want it to when when their people were
that close to it they could have taken
the embassy they could have taken down
the building the embassy didn't fall
because Iran didn't want it to when they
do this when when when organizations of
any kind conduct something like this
they have a goal and that goal is to
provoke an overreaction to get nasty
headlines out there about their
opposition to get horrible imagery that
they can use as propaganda to create
organic protests that brings us to the
real stars of the show in my opinion and
I don't think they're getting the credit
they deserve the security detail at that
Embassy is they're the winners they're
the heroes here they're not going to be
honored in the way they should because
America tends to only honor heroes who
who go loud who you know who create
casualties
they were facing a pretty rough
situation and they stuck to the rules of
engagement when things get that bad
rules of engagement tend to become
flexible for lack of a better word they
didn't they stuck to less-than-lethal
and they denied the opposition that
propaganda they were seeking they won it
may not look like it from the footage
but they won they did it right they kept
their cool they kept their weapons on
safe they did it right and I don't think
that they're going to be recognized for
that in the way they should because had
they lost their cool the headlines would
be very very different and those
headlines would have a huge impact all
over the Middle East so I do think that
the security details there should
definitely get credit for that okay so
where do we go from here
what's next more the same we're gonna
see more ratcheting up of tensions
between the United States and Iran
because we're on well I back down and
this administration needs a war they
need a war shortly before the election
so we're going to see heightened
tensions you're gonna see more strikes
in the hopes of provoking them so they
can get that war so they can get us on a
wartime footing right before the
election because that's probably going
to be the only thing that can save this
administration so it's something we need
to be aware of we need to be very
cognizant of it we need to understand
that more than likely the man who
tweeted you know Obama's numbers are bad
and he's going to try to start a war
with Iran to win the election is
probably going to try to do that himself
and we have to decide are we going to
allow him to swap out American lives
votes that that's what's going to come
down to there's a chance that maybe he
doesn't I think it's pretty swell I
think that that is part of his goal that
is part of his strategy especially now
with the impeachment he's going to have
to do something to energize his base in
those moderates that are fleeing him and
there's nothing like a yellow ribbon
that'll do that anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night